---
title: Planning for a small engineering team
date: 2025-08-21
draft: true
type: blog
---

* Planning at the "Epic" level
* Planning at the "Story" level

This is a planning meeting for infrastructure/platform engineering - for technical discussion mostly at the "story" level of detail, although "Epic" level is also in scope.

Much of the conversation will be about answering "what are we trying to achieve?" - at different levels. In particular, we will likely focus on:

1.	_Refining ticket descriptions_: Do you feel that a ticket's description is insufficient or incomplete, such that the desired result and/or its implementation is ambiguous? As a general habit, our ticket descriptions should be sufficiently well-described/well-specified such that any member of the team can understand what the goal is and how the result should work.
2.	Discussing/deciding/refining _intentions_:
	*	Has some new information/context come to your attention that you think warrants a change to a previously-decided intention/previously-specified ticket?
	*	Is there some aspect of the NGRX platform/infra (or the codebase that produces it) that you want to highlight to get some attention in the coming weeks/months?
3.	_Sequencing, from a technical perspective_: "<this> MUST/SHOULD happen before <that>". (As opposed to "from a business/PO perspective")
4.	_Event Awareness_: "we just did <something>" or "we're just about to do <something>" and the rest of the team should be aware.


* Each member of the meeting should feel empowered/encouraged to bring their topics. If it's a "big" or complex topic, you're encouraged to mention it in advance of the meeting to allow folks to prepare themselves if they want/need/can.
* It is not intended to be a standup meeting where everyone reports the status of their (recent/upcoming) work; we're assuming that nobody needs oversight or even assistance unless they ask for it – and that they will ask for it if they do need it (and early, before any difficulty rises to the level of being a problem).
* This is an experimental format – we'll try it some and refine its character for later iterations
